This table is located in prod sau_int.geo
This is the first table listed on this schema.
Upon checking there is not much information as to what kind of table this is 
and how it is derived. It looks similar in structure to ifa but it isn't ifa
if you inspect it further. 

It seems to have been buffered from the coast. I am not sure. 
It has no names just area keys which are numbers. 

The divisions are sometimes coinciding with eez's and sometimes not.
I think this is based on a very very old EEZ and when the EEZs were
updated to version 9 this was left behind. 

Could it be that it is outdated and not being used. 
Merlin doesn't pull this table at all.

There is no documentation what this table is. 

I made a new one and named it area_new. But this is just wholly based on the old 
area table. The only difference is I added Yemen Socotra and added a new area_key 
for this. Since as I notice the area table seems to have been based on a very very 
old EEZ (this is because of the probably the derived areas?). I included the Socotra division. 


In computing for the area you need the input shapefiles. Check AWS or your folder sau_geo_shapefiles/AWS_shapefiles/web_area/input_shapefiles

The area table has fields, area, shelf area, ifa, coral reefs, seamounts, ppr, and number of cells. These need to be 
computed. The shapefile I used is I think the EEZ. If you will check the areas of a particular eez per fao area id you will 
notice that if you sum the areas this will total to the area of the eez (try computing for Australia). I seem to have used
the EEZ. 


1. For the shelf: I used the shapefile shelf in AWS to compute for shelf area. 
2. For coral reefs: I used the shapefile coral reefs from AWS. 
seamounts: I left this blank because I cannot figure out what values to use in the seamount table. I think (but I am not sure) that this 
is safe since if you check the Properties/DDL of the area table in beaver you'll see that seamounts can be null;
3. ppr: this is primary production rate. I computed the average of this. (It seems to be the average).
4. number of cells: This is simply the number of cells for that particular eez and fao. 


For the area table I only updated marine layer 1. I have no idea what the other marine layers are. I inspected these but 
haven't figured it out.  

