fao_x_newcells  - no need to change the areas to 3077.230009, the areas are not gonna be used. Only after intersecting it with 
                  eez or high seas are the areas gonna be taken into account.
                  
The first intersect between tuna block (Type 1, 2 etc.) and highseas_x_ncell, eezv11_x_ncell will need to be dissolved

Methods done:
Intersect in partition: Tuna block x eez and Tuna block x high seas 
- This is done because eez v11 has geometry intersections (probably because of too much detail in the coasts).

1. Intersect - Tuna block x eez
2. Dissolve - Tuna block x eez d1
3. If not dissolving run Repair Geometry in Arc
4. Then dissolve (at first degree)
5. Dissolve again (at second degree) to make sure no duplicates are really left 
6. Get area in QGIS
7. Delete less than 0.9 km2 areas 
8. Export a copy of the table to Default.gdb to check shape areas. 
9. Delete shape areas that are zero if any. 
10. In the case of Tuna block x high seas. Add an eez_id column and populate it with zeros. This is so you will not have problems 
when merging this table with Tuna block x eez.  


On combining marine layer 2, marine layer 12 and Type 1 blocks

I made marinelayer_2_12 which is a combination of ml2 and ml12. You simply combine these. Then an error happened while intersecting 
marinelayer_2_12 with Type I tuna blocks. An error something about the geometry which is self intersecting or null geometry that is why it cannot 
intersect (this is in ArcGIS). I am not sure if this error happened because I did not do a merge process between ml2 and ml12. I just added them together in postgis 
using the insert command. This I think is the cause of the error while intersecting. ArcGIS is very meticulous so I merged these two tables using the 
merge tool and made an intersect with the Type I tuna block and it worked. 

The next process was to dissolve the intersected tuna block and ml_2_12; 
but an error also occurred after this. So the best way to do according to stackoverflow when these kinds of error occur (especially the 99999 error) 
is to fix the geometry or dissolve the layer by parts (or partition). I decided first to fix geometry instead of doing partitions because that is 
kind of tedious to do. So I fixed the geometry first in ArcGIS. I do not know if the same results will happen if fix geometry was done in QGIS. 
Then, I tried dissolving in QGIS also but I am not sure if it worked okay, I 
cannot remember. I think it didn't get fixed. Many times I tried fixing the geometries twice and then dissolving it in ArcGIS and always an error 
occurs, the dissolve tool will not work. I believe it is probably because there are too many cells and too many fields/columns and many overlaying 
EEZ especially in the South China Sea area. It made the shapefile very complicated. So I deleted the columns which are not needed like the x, y, 
shape length, shape area, areakm2_qg, FID_, object ids etc. and retained only those that are needed like bigcell_id, type, eez_id, fao_area and 
cell_id. Then I made a dissolve but still it did not work. So I put the table in Dbeaver to separate the duplicates that need to be dissolved. I 
extracted only the duplicates and then fixed their geometries first in QGIS (I did this because there are errors in the geometry according to QGIS). 
Once their geometries were fixed I made a dissolve (in QGIS) to remove the duplicates. This was successful. Then I put the new dissolved table back 
into the main table (typeI_x_marlyr212 table). Now this table does not have duplicates anymore. I checked it in Dbeaver and there are no duplicates. 
Next is to get the areas of the typeI_x_marlyr2_12 table in CEA. Then check the areas against the areas of the geo.cell 
table. 

The above procedure was done but unfortunately...

The above procedure was the one initially done but unfortunately I ended up following another procedure. I did the partition thing instead. It is 
problematic to dissolve marinelayer 2_12 with the type 1 tuna cells. Areas could change with this. So doing a partition what I did was intersect 
separately marine layer 2  with type 1 and marine layer 12 with type 1. This works because marine layer 2 and 12 when combined somewhat do not 
overlap (if there was it's only very little; but I did check and there are overlaps but very small) and also when they are combined they are only 
merged and union is not used (in terms of geoprocessing). So doing this partition is somewhat similar with intersecting marine layer 2_12 to type 1. 
Then a dissolve is done after marine layer 2_x_type 1 and marine layer 12_x_type1 to make sure there are no duplicate cells. But sometimes dissolve 
in Arc doesn't work. In this case a repair geometry should be done. Repair the table the two resulting tables after intersection with the tuna block 
Type. I think you should do this in Arc instead of in QGIS (fix geometry) because you'll be doing intersection and dissolve in Arc. Wait for the 
result of the repair geometry. Sometimes it disappears so try to catch the dialogue box on time. This contains the action that was taken and what 
shapes/geometries were fixed. It usually lists something like: "WARNING: 100107 Deleted feature 113 because of empty geometry or Repaired feature 114 
because of self-intersections" 
